[DOCS] Updates data frame limitations for 7.3. (#407)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/data-frames/limitations.asciidoc

to start and operate in a future version. Neither can support be provided for 
{dataframe-transform} tasks to be able to operate in a cluster with mixed node 
versions. 
Please note that the output of a {dataframe-transform} is persisted to a 
destination index. This is a normal {es} index and is not affected by the beta 
status. 

[float]
[[df-ui-limitation]]
=== {dataframes} UI will not work during a rolling upgrade from 7.2 to 7.3

If your cluster contains mixed version nodes, for example during a rolling 
upgrade from 7.2 to 7.3, and {dataframe-transforms} have been created in 7.2, 
the {dataframe} UI will not work. Please wait until all nodes have been upgraded 
to 7.3 before using the {dataframe} UI.

[float]
[[df-datatype-limitations]]
=== {dataframe-cap} data type limitation

{dataframes-cap} do not (yet) support fields containing arrays – in the UI or 
the API. If you try to create one, the UI will fail to show the source index 
table.

[float]
[[df-ccs-limitations]]
=== {ccs-cap} is not supported

{ccs-cap} is not supported in 7.3 for {dataframe-transforms}.

[float]
[[df-kibana-limitations]]
=== Up to 1,000 {dataframe-transforms} are supported

> A single cluster will support up to 1,000 data frame transforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single cluster will support up to 1,000 {dataframe-transforms}.
```

When using the 
{ref}/get-data-frame-transform.html[GET {dataframe-transforms} API] a total 
`count` of transforms is returned. Use the `size` and `from` parameters to 
enumerate through the full list.

[float]
[[df-aggresponse-limitations]]
=== Aggregation responses may be incompatible with destination index mappings

> When a {dataframe} is first started, it will deduce the mappings required for the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a {dataframe-transform} is first started, it will deduce the mappings required for the 
```

destination index. This process is based on the field types of the source index 

> and the aggregations used, or in the case of fields derived from 

Reviewer: We could potentially shorten this by splitting into two sentences:
```suggestion
and the aggregations used. If the fields are derived from 
```

{ref}/search-aggregations-metrics-scripted-metric-aggregation.html[`scripted_metrics`] 
or {ref}/search-aggregations-pipeline-bucket-script-aggregation.html[`bucket_scripts`], 
{ref}/dynamic-mapping.html[dynamic mappings] will be used. In some instances the 
deduced mappings may be incompatible with the actual data. For example, with 

> possible numeric overflows or dynamically mapped fields containing both numbers 

Reviewer: Maybe change to something like this?: "For example, numeric overflows might occur or dynamically mapped fields might contain both numbers and strings".

and strings. Please check {es} logs if you think this may have occurred. As a 
workaround, you may define custom mappings prior to starting the 

> {dataframe-transform}. Do this by {ref}/indices-create-index.html[creating a 

Reviewer: Do we really need to explain the use of deduced or dynamic mappings?  If not, can simplify to something like this: "For example, (link)create a custom destination index or (link)define an index template".

custom destination index] which will be used in preference to deduced mappings, 
or by {ref}/indices-templates.html[defining an index template] which will be 
used in preference to dynamic mappings.

[float]
[[df-batch-limitations]]

> === Batch {dataframes} may not account for changed documents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Batch {dataframe-transforms} may not account for changed documents
```

> A batch {dataframe} uses a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A batch {dataframe-transform} uses a 
```

{ref}/search-aggregations-bucket-composite-aggregation.html[composite aggregation]
which allows efficient pagination through all buckets. Composite aggregations 

> does not yet support a search context, therefore if the source data is changed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not yet support a search context, therefore if the source data is changed 
```

(deleted, updated, added) while the batch {dataframe} is in progress, then the 
results may not include these changes.

[float]
[[df-consistency-limitations]]
=== {cdataframe-cap} consistency does not account for deleted or updated documents

While the process for {cdataframe-transforms} allows the continual recalculation 
of the {dataframe-transform} as new data is being ingested, it does also have 
some limitations.

Changed entities will only be identified if their time field 
has also been updated and falls within the range of the action to check for 

> changes. This has been designed in principal for, and is suited to the use case 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
changes. This has been designed in principle for, and is suited to, the use case 
```

over different source data, and entities that only existed in the deleted index 
will not be removed from the {dataframe} destination index.

Depending on your use case, you may wish to recreate the {dataframe-transform} 
entirely after deletions. Alternatively, if your use case is tolerant to 
historical archiving, you may wish to include a max ingest timestamp in your 
aggregation. This will allow you to exclude results that have not been recently 
updated when viewing the {dataframe} destination index.

[float]
[[df-deletion-limitations]]
=== Deleting a {dataframe-transform} does not delete the {dataframe} destination 
index or {kib} index pattern

When deleting a {dataframe-transform} using `DELETE _data_frame/transforms/index` 
neither the {dataframe} destination index nor the {kib} index pattern, should 
one have been created, are deleted. These objects must be deleted separately.

[float]
[[df-aggregation-page-limitations]]
=== Handling dynamic adjustment of aggregation page size

During the development of {dataframe-transforms}, control was favoured over 
performance. In the design considerations, it is preferred for the 

> {dataframe} to take longer to complete quietly in the background rather than to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{dataframe-transform} to take longer to complete quietly in the background rather than to 
```

finish quickly and take precedence in resource consumption.

Composite aggregations are well suited for high cardinality data enabling 

> pagination through results. If a parent 

Reviewer 3: just "circuit breaker", without the "parent" (the concept of parent circuit breaker exceptions doesn't fit in this context)

{ref}/circuit-breaker.html[circuit breaker] memory exception occurs when 
performing the composite aggregated search then we try again reducing the number 
of buckets requested. This circuit breaker is calculated based upon all activity 
within the cluster, not just activity from {dataframe-transforms}, so it 
therefore may only be a temporary resource availability issue.

> For a batch {dataframe}, the number of buckets requested is only ever adjusted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a batch {dataframe-transform}, the number of buckets requested is only ever adjusted 
```

downwards. The lowering of value may result in a longer duration for the 
transform checkpoint to complete. For {cdataframes}, the number of 
buckets requested is reset back to its default at the start of every checkpoint 
and it is possible for circuit breaker exceptions to occur repeatedly in the 
{es} logs. 

> The initial value for `composite.size` is 500 (which is configurable using 

Reviewer 3: sounds confusing to me, can we describe what it does with less technical detail?

data frame transform retrieves data in batches which means it calculates several buckets at once. Per default this is 500 buckets per search/index operation. The default can be changed using `max_page_search_size` and the minimum value is 10. ...

I think we can explain everything without mentioning composite aggs. I do not want to hide it, I just think it's not necessary to reference it.

`max_page_search_size`) and the minimum value is 10. If failures still occur 
once the number of buckets requested has been reduced to its minimum, then the 

> {dataframe} will be set to a failed state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{dataframe-transform} will be set to a failed state.
```

then create a new transform instead.

[float]
[[df-scheduling-limitations]]
=== {cdataframe-cap} scheduling limitations

A {cdataframe} periodically checks for changes to source data. The functionality 
of the scheduler is currently limited to a basic periodic timer which can be 
within the `frequency` range from 1s to 1h. The default is 1m. This is designed 
to run little and often. When choosing a `frequency` for this timer consider 
your ingest rate along with the impact that the {dataframe-transform} 
search/index operations has other users in your cluster. Also note that retries 
occur at `frequency` interval.

[float]
[[df-failed-limitations]]
=== Handling of failed {dataframe-transforms}

Failed {dataframe-transforms} remain as a persistent task and should be handled 
appropriately, either by deleting it or by resolving the root cause of the 
failure and re-starting.

When using the API to delete a failed {dataframe-transform}, first stop it using 
`_stop?force=true`, then delete it.

If starting a failed {dataframe-transform}, after the root cause has been 
resolved, the `_start?force=true` parameter must be specified.

[float]
[[df-availability-limitations]]

> === Continuous data frames may give incorrect results if documents are not yet 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== {cdataframes-cap} may give incorrect results if documents are not yet 
```

available to search

After a document is indexed, there is a very small delay until it is available 
to search.

> A continuous data frame periodically checks for changed entities between the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {cdataframe-transform} periodically checks for changed entities between the 
```
